# Analyzing Reddit Comments
## Final Project for Intro to Text Analysis in Python
 
In this project, I scraped 496 comments under the **"Anti-monarchy group to stage protest along Charles' coronation route"** submission in the subreddit r/unitedkingdom. I then used Pandas, Word Cloud, and Topic Modelling to analyze the discussion in the comments sample. Overall, the topics generated by the model were similar to those that I inferred from the Word Clouds. You can access the project [here](https://github.com/Mariyka97/Final-Project-Reddit-Comments/blob/37ad085391d2ba848dabfa992c1d1ddd47306ff4/Intro%20to%20Text%20Analysis%20-%20Final%20Project.ipynb). :sparkles:  

**The main topics from the comments can be summarized as:**

- Peaceful protest is a right, just as the freedom of speech
- The role of monarchy today and its relationship with the public are up to debate
- The right of freedom of speech may be in jeopardy in today's society
- If people are protesting, perhaps, there is a reason

Generally, the most **upvoted** comments were supportive of the protest and reflected the overall discussion among 496 comments, based on the topic analysis. Generally, the most **downvoted** comments condemned the protest and stated that it was a disrespectful act towards Queen Elizabeth II or even a personal harassment of King Charles. The most downvoted comments did not appear to be reflected in the generated topics, which may imply that most Reddit users in the discussion were indeed supportive of the protest and which is why the anti-protest comments got downvoted.

Many of the analyzed comments were written sarcastically and with many grammar mistakes or in slang, so more sophisticated work with the data is needed. It is further noted that by analyzing just the text of the comments, we do not necessarily have the entire context to be able to understand the entire discussion.

:sunflower: :sunflower: :sunflower:
